and so we started this beautiful picture
to the my socks and most of the emphasis
in the textbook is just about the art of
the Renaissance about how beautiful the
paintings are so again with the class of
Berkley we checking how many of these
words they understand know this season
is called the ideal city so already we
have a word in English that's important
ideal this is partly about a few feet
it's partly beautiful but it's partly
political it's probably making a
political statement about what kind of
society people wanted in the Renaissance
right so the Renaissance a theology of
the ideal City what do we see in this
city what do we see in this painting the
textbook we assigned reading mostly
talks about the techniques for why the
paintings would be deployment style some
of this is true some of it's just about
technology so this is the first period
in the history of the world were the
East only old painting oil think so
again in English have to check the class
and they understand oil so if you take
it will show you can go this is not
gasoline it's not other cat's claw this
is the same kind of oil we cook food
with today but actually the paint is
made of oil so this was a new technology
the textbook talks of it another its
geometry
so again dejected they really no
collection like young geometry and
perspective so a check maybe the
students need to know the Chinese Walker
perspective or some of these other
concepts so for the first time in the
history of the world we have a correct
perspective correct geometry but there
were other important things about this
picture what is the etiology of the
Renaissance this is shown you a kind of
balance between religion and going back
to ancient Rome
so this symbolizes Roma this is ancient
problem but this building this is a
Christian Church
this symbolizes Christian this is
something else very important here
slavery so I know you can't see so
quickly this is a black person
you should feed you okay so this is this
is in Europe this is wrong but one of
the ideas from ancient Rome they wanted
to go back to was slavery so already
this picture is very political
this tells you a lot the Renaissance is
not important just because they had
beautiful pictures or beautiful ideas
there's also something quite scary
something quite terrible but the
Renaissance that this picture is showing
and part of the glory of ancient all
part of their power was that they did
conquer Africa so the Roman Empire
including North Africa and this painting
is saying in the future we can again
comfort on that path
we have a lot of ideals of the ecology
so here is another very beautiful and
very famous painting used to have a
little bit of Chinese orphan students
from the history of the Renaissance this
painting is called two schools of Athens
showing you the philosopher Plato and
the philosopher Aristotle again in one
painting here we have a lot of use of
the political philosophy of the
Renaissance right and the meaning or
friends thoughts itself so one idea of
the Renaissance is that people in Europe
had stopped reading Aristotle had
stopped reading Plato that European
culture was controlled by the church and
that at this sign started in the year
1300 1330 there is a revival there was a
renaissance there's a rebirth yeah yes a
rebirth of interest in the ancient
philosophy of ancient Athens and ancient
Rome
so Lucena Roma and that this was a
struggle between the new idea of
humanism
so humanism is also an Indian Buddhism
between humanism and the ideology of the
church the control of the Catholic
Church really this is not true really
this is Miss Lee where is this painting
the famous painting shows the the beauty
of each eye crease and this blossom the
painting is actually inside the Vatican
this painting was paid for by the
Catholic Church was Pete for
representing it's actually inside the
home of the Pope so the relationship
between the Christian ideology and
between the Renaissance no T they were
not really enemies it's a little bit
complicated but the idea of the
Renaissance it is not simply about
humanism against religion so I see here
it was not an easy Christian movement
into simple sets okay could you go back
one second why is this so important why
is this period physics important so you
notice in the textbook for the students
the Renaissance is chapter one this is
the beginning of the textbook they
choose this is the most important
beginning of the history of Europe well
before the Renaissance before 1300
England is not an important place in the
in fact in China they had never heard of
England before 1300 France is not an
important place and so not just China
for example China and India in India
they never heard of these countries they
were not famous they were not important
from the perspective of India Africa
China and Japan Europe was not an
important place before Renaissance and
then from the Year 1000 to the year 1300
approximately Muslim world you look a
little more with Arabia okay this is
part of the DAR baby's social support of
the Byzantine Empire it's very
interesting that the textbook does not
begin with this period time instead so I
just mentioned this is an interesting
that he particular the textbook why they
begin at the Renaissance well before the
Renaissance the Roman Empire included
Syria today Syria is in the news all the
time there was war in Syria this is also
a political decision of earlier but
before breaking apart a visit even
Afghanistan was part of the bleak and
rimy world still today be important
gangster so the wars this time right and
do not let you talk about your
uncomfortable talking about this history
whereas the Renaissance you're talking
about
after 1300 during the Renaissance
references this is the period when
Europe begins conquering the whole world
so before the ring sauce really Europe
is not such an important place after the
Renaissance Europe is conquering and
destroying India Europe is conquering
and destroying what becomes Canada
Mexico South America this changes local
and Africa okay and then just at the end
of this period this ends here 1600 the
year 1600 is the same area of the first
European living in Beijing China this is
the beginning of Europeans wants to
Kanchana
and we see this also is part of
transmission so we talk a little bit
about the technology of the paintings
why are the paintings that we form
obviously the technology of the boats
the technology of the more fair it's in
this period so let's get one exam
the students computer is dead this is
the first time in the history of the
world
one boat goes all the way around the
world this happens the first time
Europeans during the Renaissance
why not China why not India these are
also good questions but the answer is
not just beautiful paintings so the
textbook tells you about Petrarch
Petrarch is the most important
historical figures if I'm going to give
the students a test
Petrarch is the most important famous
person associated the name of the
Renaissance and the humanism humanism
this is still an important even in
Buddhism even in Taiwan I think we still
talk about the city of humanistic
innocence who was pitcher why is he so
important most people will tell you then
the textbook will tell you oh he's
important because he went beautiful
poetry Hey most people say petrol
started the Renaissance into the first
vandalism petrol invented humanism so
this is misleading
Petrarch was part of an actual
revolution it is true that he was a poet
it is true that working for voluntary it
is true that he was also part of the
church you can see from his style
clothing it's a very strange style
clothing today but also keeps his public
politics so there was a real revolution
in Rome in the year 30.7 at this time
the point of the revolution was to stop
the social system that had returned to
the style of government they had in
ancient Rome so the textbook mostly
talks about this just as an aesthetic
just as a style of art that they wanted
to go back to in jamar know the name
they usually changed the political
situation and this Revolution lasted for
only one year but one in the feels like
a long time if you are looking at this
sign and Rome was the most important
city of your everyone watch this history
this was a very important moment here's
the thing Petrarch is seven letters by
cicero so at this time and it's for the
next 500 years Cicero is the most
important philosophy I should say Jung
out the tissue it's IO Jo your most
important today No
pizzas whoa whoa time to go zero inches
Thundercats ho America today
nobody needs this room but for 500 years
at this point he was the most famous
most important and this picture he was a
poet he goes to the library alone and
just by rock just for accident the
library they didn't oh hello Jimmy
he finds an ancient book he finds a book
more than 1,000 years old and nobody had
read this book before so he becomes
famous because he's so Patrick is also
the first person to describe the history
of Iran in terms of the dark ages so
this is very important next slide see
this so we keep using these terms leads
to revival and the earth what do they
want to revive did they want democracy
was the point of the Renaissance to
return to democracy with the system of
voting the answer is no no Cicero this
very important philosopher actually was
not Pro democracy so there were many
ideas from ancient Greece and ancient
Rome their interest in not democracy so
500 years later Europe becomes we're
interested democracy but at this time
they're not just next slide thank you
very strange for more perspective so in
both humor in Asia every period of
history has beautiful art every period
of history has Bogard if you ask why is
the Renaissance so important the answer
cannot be because the article can be
just is therefore at the same time in
India they have beautiful art the same
time in Mexico and in China a few floors
but there's something very important how
can in Europe it's connected okay
the Dark Ages so I get the Chinese here
it's a very good idea the idea was both
in the ancient periods like come on Oh
everything was really good you know
civilization and culture and then
everything onion because of Christianity
because of the Christian society
everything becomes worse and worse or
maybe 1000 years everything it's really
bad and then afterwards everything
becomes
this is and why because of the
Renaissance so this is very powerful
idea but if you ask what what is this
don't you brush your money whatever sort
of what
it's an idea about civilization so just
shoot one me but it is not a very
specific idea so we mentioned picture
are introduced to give the dark ages you
two ideas are late you only know what do
we mean by darkness
we know relative to light so we have
talked about this members can park nuts
what do we shouldn't buy like huh so
this is the map of the Roman Empire
right and everyone wants to forget this
woman in the background far far far to
the east the Roman Empire could be that
would be interesting guilty right
this is Turkey and Greece and here are
the countries of Western Europe with me
next light this is the dark ages this is
the dark days and this is the extended
Islamic empire and this is only a few
hundred years later at 750 MB so the
Roman Empire really ended in failure
most people don't want this does this
and then there was a huge Empire we are
not talking about eat so this is sage
it's about even Spain was the star could
be as long again apart does it makes it
smell nice afterwards this is what it
never ends so the idea that the Dark
Ages ended and we went back that we will
revive that we will soar the Roman
Empire it's not true
in fact the Muslim world in fact became
more and more powerful they so control
all the board that and including Greece
you should see that it's an important
part of Europe and this also became
Muslim in control by month long so again
where what really would be the idea of
restoring the Roman Empire
something else that have to rinse off
they did not take back right so sorry so
yeah the same idea before or after
before after so we instead
what does your up doing during this time
Europe Rosa and conquers the rest
control and this is really a period of
slavery and genocide on a huge scale so
you can imagine with the students I want
to make sure they understand what
isolationism these are beautiful
pictures when the reality of what
they're up did instead is very scary in
this again this includes Asia this
includes places like India includes
Canada who's Mexico okay so we don't
worry about them I try to go over very
quickly so conclusions we never get this
beautiful picture give me this reminder
the mystery of history this was
ultimately about slavery of a be
conquering Africa taking sledge America
so this is part of the picture part of
the ideal city in the future during the
rest of time next picture okay so this
year I would ask the question people say
the Renaissance was an eighty church an
easy Christian moment is this true or is
this false also this is Dante the
textbook talks about Dante so I would if
there are real students I've asked you
guys what do you think was easy for the
church or biscuit you've got some
questions like this okay so you probably
know the answer already
you are adults speak English okay well
no actually this is very complex
really it was not a simple it was not a
simple anti church movement then work
together you know his translator and he
was a very religious person exhibition
another question during the Renaissance
people became less and less religious
with fewer religious wars is this true
or false
okay the textbook is very vague about
this isn't me
in fact this is false there was more war
religion became more dangerous did more
crazy in the rock this is the period
when the starting wars in huge channels
huge numbers of people being killed so
actually you're more religious there's
more war probably this is in chapter 2
of the textbook maybe chapter 3 there
will be more lessons on this this is
just the beginning of the room talk
during the Renaissance people started
reading her startled again and demanding
democracy right so most even in America
Canada most people believe this people
start to Reno some people start here he
mocks so we already talking with this
actually this is false really is false
for two reasons one a result Lee never
stopped reading Aristotle during the
Dark Ages in bumper and to actually this
time democracy was not the political
philosophy instead it's the political
philosophy but sister it's a good
thought next people say the Renaissance
is just a style of art or literature and
this is included even in the chiming of
me this is just about the art is
beautiful but then they need one of my
lectures to say no the most important
ideas do not have to do so yeah this is
also something to discuss with a student
may be the most important question why
this humanism so important 600 years ago
is it still important for the same
reasons today
[Music]